# packages in environment at /home/mz/mambaforge/envs/rossmann:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.01.10           h06a4308_0    anaconda
comm                      0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.7           py311hcafe171_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        6.8.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        6.8.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.24.0             pyh71e2992_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.14.0             pyh41d4057_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.3.1           py311h38be061_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.1.0               he5830b7_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.1.0               h69a702a_0    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.1.0               h15d22d2_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.1.0               he5830b7_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.23          pthreads_h80387f5_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.42.0               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.1.0               hfd8a6a1_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.25.1          py311h64a7726_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.1.1                hd590300_1    conda-forge
packaging                 23.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.0.3           py311h320fe9a_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh1a96a4e_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pip                       23.2.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              3.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.39             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.39               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.5           py311h2582759_0    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.15.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.11.4          hab00c5b_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    3_cp311    conda-forge
pytz                      2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     25.1.0          py311h75c88c4_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.3.0           py311hc009520_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.9.3           py311h69910c8_2    conda-forge
setuptools                68.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             2.2.0              pyh0d69192_0    anaconda
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.3.2           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.7.1                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.7.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.40.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
